Getting started!
(Vedio Transcript)

1. Getting started!
In this demo, we will be creating our first Power BI Report. First, we need data, so we’ll click on the Get Data button. We want to import a CSV so I’ll select CSV from all the options. Let’s go ahead and open this file. This is a fact table on all the sales transactions done at Wide World Importers. When you load this data, you may see this yellow notification bar up top which you can ignore. Now that we’ve loaded the data, you can see a number of fields in the Fields pane. Let’s select a field called Total Excluding Tax. Power BI is automatically creating a bar chart. The field we selected was recognized as a numerical value and automatically added to Value here in the Visualizations pane. We can move the bar chart and resize it easily by dragging it. On the left- hand side, there are three icons representing different views. We are on the report view which is where we create our visualizations. There’s the data view, where we can examine our raw data. There are several columns referring to keys, for instance, this column called “Salesperson Key”. Let’s load a dimension table called DimEmployees, which is an excel file this time. To do this, we’ll go to Get Data again and select Excel. DimEmployees is a dimension table holding more information about the salesperson for each transaction. We will connect it to our fact table to use it. Here we just need to select the spreadsheet named DimEmployee and load it. We can see DimEmployee now in the data view and the fields pane. There are several columns, including one called employee key. Let’s go to the model view. Here we can make relationships between data we’ve loaded. We connect the salesperson key to the employee key through dragging. Now Power BI is aware there is a relationship between the two different files we’ve loaded. Let’s go back to report view. Now let’s add Employee to our graph by selecting our graph and the field. Power Bi automatically adds this text field to Axis in the Visualizations pane. Let’s stretch out our graph for readability. Our bar graph now shows the sales each salesperson has generated rather than just the total sales which is much more interesting. We can hover the bar graph to get the values of the bar. Let’s also add a card visualization containing total sales excluding tax. We’re going to click a blank part of the screen and select card. We’re going to add the same Total Excluding tax field. The field is now in Fields in the Visualizations pane. Let’s resize again and now we see the total of all the bars shown here. It’s interactive. If I click on Lily Code’s bar, the card shows me her total. I can unselect by clicking a blank area within the bar graph. I can also play around with visualization types by selecting my bar graph and trying out different types of visualizations, like a tree map or a donut chart. Note that it’s also possible to load an already existing report. We can do that by clicking on the File tab, and then, in the Open menu, on Browse Reports. Here I can navigate to the report I want to load and click on Open. Now we can see the report and the corresponding data has been loaded. It’s now your turn to make relationships and visualizations.

2. Let's practice!
